The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And vice versa.
Sattinger's Law: It works better if you plug it in.
A psychiatrist is a person who will give you expensive answers that your wife will give you for free.
Be regular and orderly in your life so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Football combines the two worst features of American life: violence and committee meetings.
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
Garter, n.: An elastic band intended to keep a woman from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.
Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.
The difference between sympathy and empathy is three letters: "yes".
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature. It's a piss-poor reptile and not very much of a bird.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
The life of money-making is one undertaken under compulsion, and wealth is evidently not the good we are seeking, for it is merely useful for the sake of something else.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only, we can't control when the five year period will begin.
A decision occurs when one abandons the obvious for the possible.
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later. For another thing, they die earlier.
Brooke's Law:         Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool         discovers something which either abolishes the system or         expands it beyond recognition.
army, n.: A body of men assembled to rectify the mistakes of the diplomats.
Love means never having to say, "Put down that meat cleaver."
Q. How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A. Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
You cannot build a reputation on what you are going to do.
I HATE arbitrary limits, especially when they're small.
At a recent meeting in Snowmass, Colorado, a participant from Los Angeles fainted from hyperoxygenation, and we had to hold his head under the exhaust of a bus until he revived.
He who laughs, lasts.
Een schip op het strand is een baken in zee. [A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.]
Change is what people fear most.
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
Adore, v.: To venerate expectantly.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
Many are called, few are chosen. Fewer still get to do the choosing.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared.
Try not to have a good time ... This is supposed to be educational.
A mathematician is a machine for converting coffee into theorems.
The heart has no rainbows when the eye has no tears.
Boy, n.:         A noise with dirt on it.
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down. If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down. If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Power is poison.
I've seen many politicians paralyzed in the legs as myself, but I've seen more of them who were paralyzed in the head.
New boots, big steps.
Ogden's Law: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd. The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit.
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Make sure all variables are initialized before use.
Air is water with holes in it.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Lieberman's Law: Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
The city of the dead antedates the city of the living.
Board the windows, up your car insurance, and don't leave any booze in plain sight. It's St. Patrick's day in Chicago again. The legend has it that St. Patrick drove the snakes out of Ireland. In fact, he was arrested for drunk driving. The snakes left because people kept throwing up on them.
[The Weather Channel] is the most watched cable channel in America. I'll repeat that. It is the most watched cable channel in America. They were worried about the terrorists immobilizing us, and a portion of our countrymen watch weather. 'Kay, you don't get any more immobile than that... unless you're in a goddamn coma. That means you're saying, "I'd go to the window, but it's too far." If you want to know what the weather is you go to a window and stick your hand out and if you want to know what the temperature is you drive by a bank.
If we do not change our direction, we might end up were we are headed.
Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul.
Uncle Ed's Rule of Thumb:         Never use your thumb for a rule. You'll either hit it with a         hammer or get a splinter in it.
Brain, n.: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
Give up.
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine. If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
It is your duty to leave another man's wrongful act there, where it is.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
If I had any humility I would be perfect.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
No government is ever really in favor of so-called civil rights. It always tries to whittle them down. They are preserved under all governments, insofar as they survive at all, by special classes of fanatics, often highly dubious.
The silly question is the first intimation of some totally new development.
I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
The tar pit of software engineering will continue to be sticky for a long time to come. One can expect the human race to continue attempting systems just within or just beyond our reach; and software systems are perhaps the most intricate and complex of man's handiworks. The management of this complex craft will demand our best use of new languages and systems, our best adaptation of proven engineering management methods, liberal doses of common sense, and ... humility to recognize our fallibility and limitations.
Lazlo's Chinese Relativity Axiom: No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats ― approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.
"Deep" is a word like "theory" or "semantic" ― it implies all sorts of marvelous things. It's one thing to be able to say "I've got a theory", quite another to say "I've got a semantic theory", but, ah, those who can claim "I've got a deep semantic theory", they are truly blessed.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
My best advice to anyone who wants to raise a happy, mentally healthy child is: Keep him or her as far away from a church as you can.
"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"  "That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
Majority: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
Many grains of frankincense on the same altar: one falls before, another falls after; but it makes no difference.
To do easily what is difficult for others is the mark of talent.
... if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world.
There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy ...
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys...
United Nations, New York, December 25. The peace and joy of the Christmas season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military forces of the world. Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of every persuasion.  Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time low over the world.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
Activity makes more men's fortunes than cautiousness.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
Who has more leisure than a worm?         - Seneca
I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating.
Collaboration, n.: A literary partnership based on the false assumption that the other fellow can spell.
The fundamentalists, by "knowing" the answers before they start [examining evolution], and then forcing nature into the straitjacket of their discredited preconceptions, lie outside the domain of science―-or of any honest intellectual inquiry.
C++ : Where friends have access to your private members.
The unnatural, that too is natural.
Muddy water let stand will clear.
To steal from one person is theft. To steal from many is taxation.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
There is a big difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament, and that is, the New Testament God is kind of a great guy (He is!), especially when you compare him to the Old Testament God, who is a prick.
E Pluribus Unix
I had a great idea this morning but I did not like it.
I see you stand like greyhounds in the slips, Straining upon the start. The game's afoot.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
Commitment, n.: Commitment can be illustrated by a breakfast of ham and eggs. The chicken was involved, the pig was committed.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
As the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear, bearing hot new versions of their pieces ― faster, smaller, more complete, or putatively less buggy. The replacement of a working component by a new version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and efficient test cases will usually be available.
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Q: How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb? A: None. The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
Sometimes the only solution is to find a new problem.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored.
Elevators smell different to midgets
Just once I'd like to meet an alien menace that isn't immune to bullets.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind.
I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
Malek's Law: Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
My guess is that well over eighty per cent of the human race goes through life without ever having a single original thought. That is to say, they never think anything that has not been thought before, and by thousands. A society made up of individuals who were all capable of original thought would probably be unendurable. The pressure of ideas would simply drive it frantic.
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming         Never test for an error condition you don't know how to         handle.
Chemicals, n.: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
God is a verb, not a noun.
Wiker's Law:         Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
A man shall never be enriched by envy.
The hand that rocks the cradle can also cradle a rock.
No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
When in doubt, punt.
I am always with myself, and it is I who am my tormenter.
Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
The American business executive resembles the Ferengi more each day. In another 20 years, there will be dorm rooms full of toothless hillbillies at the Amazon fulfillment centers and the Walmarts.
This fortune will self destruct in 5 years.
Q. How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a lightbulb? A. It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
Let no act be done without a purpose, nor otherwise than according to the perfect principles of art.
He who Laughs, Lasts.
Of COURSE it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?
To knock a thing down, especially if it is cocked at an arrogant angle, is a deep delight of the blood.
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity. Nowhere in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
Mankind has yet to devise a rule that never requires exceptions.
To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question ... or is it?
People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.
Jones's First Law:         Anyone who makes a significant contribution to any field of         endeavor, and stays in that field long enough, becomes an         obstruction to its progress ― in direct proportion to the         importance of their original contribution.
Never let your inferiors do you a favor. It will be extremely costly.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
Optimists say the glass is half full, pessimists say the glass is half empty, engineers say the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
Manual, n.: A unit of documentation. There are always three or more on a given item. One is on the shelf; someone has the others. The information you need is in the others.
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore.
Anoint, v.: To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery.
Who made the world I cannot tell; 'Tis made, and here am I in hell. My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Succumb to natural tendencies. Be hateful and boring.
Parkinson's Fourth Law: The number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done.
One millihelen: the unit of beauty required to launch just one ship
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination.
There's at least one fool in every married couple.
Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
Bureaucrat, n.: A politician who has tenure.
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product.
Happiness, n.: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
Weinberg's First Law: Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
To be is to program.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
Critic, n.: A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries to please him.
An economist is a man who states the obvious in terms of the incomprehensible.
VMS isn't an operating system, it's a playpen for DEC system programmers.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Well, I killed my own grandfather and here I am! Guess there's no paradox when time travel isn't involved.
Make input easy to proofread
I'm growing older, but not up.
I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it.
The hell with the Prime Directive: let's kill something.
Remember: You cannot drain the ocean with a teaspoon.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
Any shrine is better than self-worship.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
The essence of Christianity is told to us in the Garden of Eden history. The fruit that was forbidden was on the Tree of Knowledge. The subtext is, "All the suffering you have is because you wanted to find out what was going on. You could be in the Garden of Eden if you had just kept your fucking mouth shut and hadn't asked any questions."
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism. It's corporate feminism ― a brand of feminism designed to sell books and magazines, three-piece suits, airline tickets, Scotch, cigarettes and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs: "Yes, women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort."
The president of the United States has claimed, on more than one occasion, to be in dialogue with God. If he said that he was talking to God through his hairdryer, this would precipitate a national emergency. I fail to see how the addition of a hairdryer makes the claim more ridiculous or offensive.
If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody in the whole wide world, don't trust him. It means he experiments.
My mother is a fish.
The sweetest of all sounds is praise.
What is so unnerving about the candidacy of Sarah Palin is the degree to which she represents—and her supporters celebrate—the joyful marriage of confidence and ignorance . . . Ask yourself: how has "elitism" become a bad word in American politics? There is simply no other walk of life in which extraordinary talent and rigorous training are denigrated. We want elite pilots to fly our planes, elite troops to undertake our most critical missions, elite athletes to represent us in competition and elite scientists to devote the most productive year
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are typed with the left hand? Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use of both hands. It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.
We're the weirdest monkeys ever.
In this world, Truth can wait; she's used to it.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
Philosophy: Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Meditation is not what you think.
A man who can laugh, if only at himself, is never really miserable.
The words which were formerly familiar are now antiquated: so also the names of those who were famed of old, are now in a manner antiquated... For all things soon pass away and become a mere tale, and complete oblivion soon buries them.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
C, n.: A programming language that is sort of like Pascal except more like assembly except that it isn't very much like either one, or anything else. It is either the best language available to the art today, or it isn't.
Time is like a river made up of the events which happen, and a violent stream; for as soon as a thing has been seen, it is carried away, and another comes in its place, and this will be carried away too.
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
What cannot be eaten must be civilized.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
I'm not breaking the rules. I'm just testing their elasticity.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Yinkel, n.: A person who combs his hair over his bald spot, hoping no one will notice.
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
In the market, there can be no such thing as exploitation.
It is now 10 p.m. Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
Bleeding into a new computer is always a good thing; it's an ancient geek voodoo magic to ensure its long life and reliability.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any Church that I know of. My own mind is my own church.
Tussman's Law: Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
Westheimer's Discovery: A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a couple of hours in the library.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose
In arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on ESP, psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, I am frequently challenged with the most popular of all neuro-mythologies ― the notion that we ordinarily use only 10 percent of our brains...  This "cerebral spare tire" concept continues to nourish the clientele of "pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes. As a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could deny it? As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous, it leaves much to be desired.
Digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: They have very large numbers of states. This makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard. Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do.
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference ― one can see only a very few things at once.
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.
Zimmerman's Law of Complaints: Nobody notices when things go right.
We like to think we spend most of our time power-typing. "I'm being productive, I'm writing programs!" But, we don't. We spend most of our time looking into the abyss, saying, "My God, what have I done?"
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Necessity is a mother.
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize-fighters shaking hands.
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
The secret cement of any organization is trust.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in?
Captain Penny's Law: You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool Mom.
Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
Happiness comes and goes and is short on staying power.
Mister Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology: There's always one more bug.
Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid.
Godwin's Law: As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
I like being single. I'm always there when I need me.
If you want to eat hippopotamus, you've got to pay the freight.
Reporter, n.: A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a tempest of words.
...the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
The sun was shining on the sea, Shining with all his might: He did his very best to make The billows smooth and bright ― And this was very odd, because it was The middle of the night.
She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
Acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Out of body, back in five minutes.
The rain it raineth on the just         And also on the unjust fella, But chiefly on the just, because         The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately.
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
Q: How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb? A: 100. Ten to do it, and 90 to write document number GC7500439-0001,    Multitasking Incandescent Source System Facility, of which 10% of    the pages state only "This page intentionally left blank", and 20
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be. ... The natural disposition is always to believe. It is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough.
Hey, you know something, people? I'm not black, but there's a whole lot of times I wish I could say I'm not white.
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
What is tolerance? ― it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly ― that is the first law of nature.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
I support everyone's right to be an idiot. I may need it someday.
Mile's Law: where you stand depends on where you sit.
One of my less pleasant chores when I was young was to read the Bible from one end to the other. Reading the Bible straight through is at least 70 percent discipline, like learning Latin. But the good parts are, of course, simply amazing. God is an extremely uneven writer, but when He's good, nobody can touch Him.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
Newlan's Truism:         An "acceptable" level of unemployment means that the government         economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.
Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations.
There's always someone, somewhere, with a big nose, who knows and who trips you up and laughs when you fall.
The notion that science does not concern itself with first causes―that it leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere effects―this notion has no support in the plain facts. If it could, science would explain the origin of life on earth at once ― and there is every reason to believe that it will do so on some not too remote tomorrow. To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled, not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity....
God is playing a comic to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
It takes a long time to understand nothing.
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
Here's a bumper sticker I'd like to see: "We are the proud parents of a child whose self-esteem is sufficient that he doesn't need us promoting his minor scholastic achievements on the back of our car."
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
Success is what happens when something goes right.
Every institution I've ever been associated with has tried to screw me.
Who works achieves and who sows reaps.
To program is to be.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
I will never use biometrics. I'm afraid they'll make me change my password.
Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
Use the Force, Luke.
Any smoothly functioning technology will have the appearance of magic.
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced ― even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it.
I used to think everyone should learn programming. When I first starting programming...I thought, "Wow, this is such an amazing way to organize information! Everybody should learn to do this!" I don't think that any more. I think there has to be something seriously wrong with you, in order to do this work. A normal person, once they've looked into the abyss, will say, "I'm done. This is stupid. I'm going to go to something else." But not us, 'cause there's something really wrong with us.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Q: How do you play religious roulette? A: You stand around in a circle and blaspheme and see who gets struck    by lightning first.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem.
Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his roars. Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards.
It's later than you think.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Writing programs needs genius to save the last order or the last millisecond. It is great fun, but it is a young man's game. You start it with great enthusiasm when you first start programming, but after ten years you get a bit bored with it, and then you turn to automatic-programming languages and use them because they enable you to get to the heart of the problem that you want to do, instead of having to concentrate on the mechanics of getting the program going as fast as you possibly can, which is really nothing more than doing a sort of crossword puzzle.
The applause of a single human being is of great consequence.
Neil Armstrong to Walter Cronkite: "Well, Walter, I believe that the Good Lord gave us a finite number of heartbeats and I'm damned if I'm going to use up mine running up and down a street."
And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight...Then he [the Lord!] said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith. [Ezek. 4:12-15 (KJV)]
Volcano - a mountain with hiccups.
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers. Consider Unix, APL, Pascal, Modula, the Smalltalk interface, even Fortran; and contrast them with Cobol, PL/I, Algol, MVS/370, and MS-DOS.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
A successful tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author.
Q. How was Thomas J. Watson buried? A. 9 edge down.
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
The fourth law of thermodynamics: The perversity of the universe tends towards a maximum.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
There is nothing in this world constant but inconstancy.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick!
Do not compromise yourself; you are all you have got.
Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.
Conservative, n.: One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
If you substitute other kinds of intellectual property into the GNU manifesto, it quickly becomes absurd.
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
The best way to break a bad habit is to drop it.
Creationists make it sound as though a "theory" is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
Civilization Law #1: Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations one can do without thinking about them.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
Black holes are where God is dividing by zero.
Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were printed on the heel.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked.
Confound these ancestors.... They've stolen our best ideas!
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Where is it written in the Constitution that you may take children from their parents, and parents from their children, and compel them to fight the battles of any war in which the folly or wickedness of government may engage it?
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Her life was saved by rock and roll.
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man. Therefore, I affirm both. Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete. Human unity is the fulfillment of diversity. It is the harmony of opposites. It is a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
Bombeck's Rule of Medicine: Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Render unto Caesar if line 54 is larger than line 62.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body. This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
Admiration, n.: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
When a fellow says, "It ain't the money but the principle of the thing," it's the money.
You can't antagonize and influence at the same time.
Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
The most merciful thing in the world ... is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
The study of theology, as it stands in the Christian churches, is the study of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it proceeds by no authority; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and it admits of no conclusion.
Giving advice is not as risky as people say; few ever take it anyway.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
Ken Thompson has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gage, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the dashboard. "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know what's wrong."
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
Are we not men?
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis: If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Arnold's Laws of Documentation:     (1) If it should exist, it doesn't.     (2) If it does exist, it's out of date.     (3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the first two laws.
A person who knows only one side of a question knows little of that.
The ideal is impossible. The idea of the ideal is essential.
She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic candidates for president.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Evolution is both fact and theory. Creationism is neither.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
What a waste it is to lose one's mind ― or not to have a mind at all. How true that is.          ― V.P. Dan Quayle, garbling the United Negro College Fund slogan             in an address to the group (from Newsweek, May 22nd, 1989)
The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a chance to prove it.
Emersons' Law of Contrariness: Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can. Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
California is the ghost of Christmas future for the rest of America.
It is not true that life is one damn thing after another ― it's one damn thing over and over.
Birth, n.: The first and direst of all disasters.
Use library functions.
I have had interactions with developers who are convinced that everything in .Net was created solely by MS for open source usage. But that could be another result of vaccination preservatives.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Once ... in the wilds of Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
God did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days and then pulled an all-nighter.
Those who bite the hand that feeds them usually lick the boot that kicks them.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Experience is a dear teacher, but fools will learn at no other.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity.
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it. So it is written in the genetic cards ― only physics and war hold him in check. And also the wife who wants him home by five, of course.
Don't eat yellow snow.
If we make peaceful revolution impossible, we make violent revolution inevitiable.
When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
As you read the scroll it vanishes, and you hear maniacal laughter in the distance.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them keeps paying for it.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code.
During almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of Christianity has been upon trial. What has been its fruits? More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
You can't underestimate the power of fear.
My answer is, bring them on.
Lawrence's Axiom: Anger is one letter short of danger.
Our liberty depends upon the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
Q: Why did the tachyontac cross the road? A: Because it was on the other side.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey.
If I had a hammer, I'd use it on Peter, Paul and Mary.
Make sure comments and code agree.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Grandpa Charnock's Law:         You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
No user-serviceable parts inside. Refer to qualified service personnel.
Fourth Law of Revision: It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about interferences ― if you have none, someone will make one for you.
There is danger in delaying, good fortune in acting.
"Yacc" owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in their endless search for "one more feature". Their irritating unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
That 150 lawyers should do business together ought not to be expected.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Q. How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A. Three: one to screw it in and two to say "I told you so" when it doesn't    work.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
Adapt. Enjoy. Survive.
Serocki's Stricture: Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
Take the Kama Sutra. How many people died from the Kama Sutra as opposed to the Bible? Who wins?
There were in this country two very large monopolies. The larger of the two had the following record: the Vietnam War, Watergate, double- digit inflation, fuel and energy shortages, bankrupt airlines, and the 8-cent postcard. The second was responsible for such things as the transistor, the solar cell, lasers, synthetic crystals, high fidelity stereo recording, sound motion pictures, radio astronomy, negative feedback, magnetic tape, magnetic "bubbles", electronic switching systems, microwave radio and TV relay systems, information theory, the first electrical digital computer, and the first communications satellite. Guess which one got to tell the other how to run the telephone business?
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Nowhere in the world is superiority more easily attained, or more eagerly admitted. The chief business of the nation, as a nation, is the setting up of heroes, mainly bogus.
In the beginning I was made. I didn't ask to me made. No one consulted me or considered my feelings in this matter. But if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle then so be it.
Dunne's Law: The territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with equivocation.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
It is necessary for me to establish a winner image. Therefore, I have to beat somebody.
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers; For he to-day that sheds his blood with me Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile, This day shall gentle his condition: And gentlemen in England now a-bed Shall think themselves accursed they were not here, And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaks That fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law: Work expands to exceed the time allotted it.
Objects on your screen are closer than they appear.
Follow the river and you will eventually find the sea.
Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning," the King said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
It could be worse, you could be in Cleveland.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
Assuming that either the left wing or the right wing gained control of the country, it would probably fly around in circles.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
I'm also not very analytical. You know, I don't spend a lot of time thinking about myself, about why I do things.
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledygook than the rest of the world put together.
And the crowd was stilled. One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence, turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said. Wide-eyed, the Child raised his voice and said once again, "Why, the Emperor has no clothes! He is naked!"
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it
listen: there's a hell of a good universe next door;                 let's go.
Bucy's Law: Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
Computer Science: the boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities (The Devil's DP Dictionary)
If you have to push so hard that you break your penis, you are doing something wrong.         — Frank McLaughlin
A sine curve goes off into infinity or at least to the end of the blackboard.
Make no little plans. They have no Magic to stir Men's blood.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find anyone. Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge. Never in the history of war have so few been led by so many.
...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
Oliver's First Law of Computing: Computers are much too complex; they'll never work.
UFOs are for real. It's the Air Force that doesn't exist.
There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives.
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right man.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
Garbage In ― Gospel Out.
Mother told me to be good, but she's been wrong before.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
One's mind, stretched to a new idea, never goes back to its original dimension.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
If you see someone without a smile, give them yours.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate them. You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy. [Deut. 7:1 (KJV)]
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
Cynic, n.: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around. I hope I don't get run over again.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
Osborn's Law: Variables won't; constants aren't.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Power, n: The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
Than self restraint, there is nothing better.
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
Promptness is its own reward If one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer's shifting idea of what their problem is.
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, "You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done."
Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
America is a ball of Appalachia with a thin coating of civility.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself―and you are the easiest person to fool. So you have to be very careful about that. After you've not fooled yourself, it's easy not to fool other scientists. You just have to be honest in a conventional way after that.
The reason ESP, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemporary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful...After more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an ESP phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions. This simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades... It is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology... In short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation.
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Law: Murphy was an optimist.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
The difference between Genius and Stupidity is that Genius has limits.
You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't.
Just remember: you're not a "dummy," no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who―though technically expert―couldn't design hardware and software that's usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it.
If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtains.
Q: How many Pro-Lifers does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the    screwing began.
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is none of my business, but ―" is to place a period after the word "but." Don't use excessive force in supplying such a moron with a period. Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
Harrisberger's Second Law of the Lab: No matter what result it anticipated, there is always someone willing to fake it.
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor): That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you should have gotten.
There are 10 kinds of people. Those who know binary and those who don't.
War is menstruation envy.
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
The meek are contesting the will.
It is a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
80 percent of all statistics are made up on the spot, including this one.
All things are possible except skiing through a revolving door.
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction ― from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
All programmers are optimists. Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers. Perhaps the hundreds of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end goal. Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger, and the young are always optimists. But however the selection process works, the result is indisputable: "This time it will surely run," or "I just found the last bug."
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
The inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of pseudoscience. Pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory. Because of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms scientists must employ in their work.
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
I think time is crucial to anything. For example, if you lock an infinite number of monkeys in a room with those typewriters, but you limit the amount of time they have to write, the best you'll get out of them is the pilot to The Dukes of Hazzard.         ―Doug Sykes
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
We can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting
In order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient. Even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in the long run. I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary challenging spirit today.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one. Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence.
The highfalutin aims of democracy, whether real or imaginary, are always assumed to be identical with its achievements. This, of course, is sheer hallucination. Not one of those aims, not even the aim of giving every adult a vote, has been realized. It has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
Between the choice of two evils, I always pick the one I've never tried before.
My past is my own.
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
... they [the Indians] are not running but are coming on.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems, and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.... We should be reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch. Space is indifferent to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not we grapple with it. But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand, slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point from which we can explore and understand and utilize it. To turn back now would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
There are three kinds of lies: Lies, Damn Lies, and Statistics.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
The revolution will not be televised.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
The Briggs/Chase Law of Program Development: To determine how long it will take to write and debug a program, take your best estimate, multiply that by two, add one, and convert to the next higher units.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday ...
Nothing recedes like success.
The Book says BURN and DESTROY repent and redeem and revenge and deploy and rumble thee forth to the land of the unbelieving scum 'cause they don't go for what's in the Book and that makes 'em BAD.
Only God can make random selections.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
How much trouble he avoids who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only to what he does himself, that it may be just and pure.
New systems generate new problems.
Do not try to solve all life's problems at once ― learn to dread each day as it comes.
The Internet? Is that thing still around?
Every purchase has its price.
Education has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Nobody can be exactly like me. Even I have trouble doing it.
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
Beifeld's Principle: The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird.
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Cabbage, n.: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Don't comment bad code: rewrite it.
Main's Law: For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Use GOTOs only to implement a fundamental structure.
For a really sweet time, call C6H12O6.
The only good bug is a dead bug. But the best bug is the one that wasn't there to begin with.
Too clever is dumb.
It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Accordion: A bagpipe with pleats.
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Cannot fork ― try again.
This isn't brain surgery; it's just television.
Socialism is power, power, and more power.
If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice. If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Mediocrity thrives on standardization.
Beware the new TTY code!
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime.
If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
Everything which is in any way beautiful is beautiful in itself, and terminates in itself, not having praise as part of itself. Neither worse, then, nor better is a thing made by being praised.
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proven innocent.
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention         Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will         reject the proposal.
Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on gin.
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is. If you don't, it's its. Then too, it's hers. It isn't her's. It isn't our's either. It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
Quotations are for people who are not saying things worth quoting.
Optimization hinders evolution.
A king's castle is his home.
People get lost in thought because it is unfamiliar territory.
SCCS, the source motel! Programs check in and never check out!
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
Seminars, n.: From "semi" and "arse", hence, any half-assed discussion.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
We can defeat gravity. The problem is the paperwork involved.
Ocean, n.: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man ― who has no gills.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:         Negative expectations yield negative results.         Positive expectations yield negative results.
He is considered the most graceful speaker who can say nothing in most words.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us. "He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way.
Electrocution: Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
Unless you are very rich and very eccentric, you will not enjoy the luxury of a computer in your own home.
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really overwhelming majority of the crowd present. Abusive and obscene language may not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel, or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants (unless struck by a boomerang).
Cannot fortune open database.
Optimization is not some mystical state of grace, it is an intricate act of human labor which carries real costs and real risks.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Williams and Holland's Law:         If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by         statistical methods.
Leisure can be justified. Recreation maximizes productive stamina. Play is not the opposite of work. Idleness consolidates thought.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Life in a free society is friendly, prosperous, pleasant, cultured, and ever-longer.
Ordinary people: I fuckin' hate 'em.
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
Mr. Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin.
Keep in mind always the two constant Laws of Frisbee: 1. The most powerful force in the world is that of a disc straining to land    under a car, just out of reach. (This force is technically termed "car    suck.") 2. Never precede any maneuver by a comment more predictive than "Watch this!"
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true. The other is to refuse to accept what is true.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
Bride, n.: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
If you are willing to die, you can do anything.
Hartley's First Law:         You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float         on his back, you've got something.
The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter. The batter swang and missed. The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter connected. He hit a high fly right to the center fielder. The center fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were blound by the sun and he dropped it.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor.
When we are ignorant of the answer to an important question, one way to proceed is to ask which path of inquiry promises best to facilitate learning.
Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously.
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice.
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
All successful newspapers are ceaselessly querulous and bellicose. They never defend anyone or anything if they can help it; if the job is forced upon them, they tackle it by denouncing someone or something else.
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Maintainer's Motto: If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging. Don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
Mitchell's Law of Committees:         Any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough meetings are         held to discuss it.
If at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool.
Liberty is the mother not the daughter of order.
American justice is measured by the amount of money you are willing to risk to make your point.
This fortune is false.
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.
Romeo:   Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much. Mercutio: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
I was brought up in the other service; but I knew from the first that the Devil was my natural master and captain and friend. I saw that he was in the right, and that the world cringed to his conqueror only from fear.
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Police up your spare rounds and frags. Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Money doesn't stretch―if somebody makes a killing, somebody else loses his shirt.
It is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy.
Burnt Sienna: That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
Cudgel thy brains no more about it, for your dull ass will not mend his pace with beating.
Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability: Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done.
Jones' Law of Hierarchical Limits: As an administrator, you need to give ten pats on the head for each kick in the butt. This is the reason for keeping the number of people reporting to you a fairly small number. Otherwise, you will run out of hands, but still have an overcapacity in feet.
The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
There will be big changes for you, but you will be happy.
Katz' Law: Man and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted.
Peace: a period of cheating between two wars.
When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
Insanity is hereditary. You can catch it from your kids.
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't work.
Ask your boss to reconsider ― it's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.
Vote anarchist.
Re: graphics: A picture is worth 10K words ― but only those to describe the picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The Third Law of Photography: If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of the dark leaks out.
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
Where a new invention promises to be useful, it ought to be tried
Any job worth quitting is worth sticking around long enough until they fire you.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor ― Hell, they HAD to make him President of the United States. It's the only job he's qualified for!
Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at speeds faster than 85 MPH (140k/h).
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the FOUNDING of a bank?
He didn't say that. He was reading what was given to him in a speech.
I support efforts to limit the terms of members of Congress, especially members of the House and members of the Senate.
Brain fried ― core dumped
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.
Blah.
Any sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice.
Hand, n.: A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and commonly thrust into somebody's pocket.
That [life] which is longest of duration, and that which is shortest, both come to one effect.
Every solution breeds new problems.
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
...skill such as yours is evidence of a misspent youth.
Field theories, unite!
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Grelb's Reminder: Eighty percent of all people consider themselves to be above average drivers.
Civilisation is the art of living in towns of such size that everyone does not know everyone else.
We must remember the First Amendment which protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
Stock brokers invest your money until it's all gone.
Who needs companionship when you can sit alone in your room and masturbate?
First Law of Procrastination: Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who imposed the deadline).
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss Bank.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
Preserve the old, but know the new.
Ray's Rule of Precision:         Measure with a micrometer. Mark with chalk. Cut with an axe.
To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy, inelegant, and unsatisfying. But it's a question of congruence: precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel, uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar, well-defined ones. Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very secure ecological niche.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
From too much love of living/From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving/Whatever gods may be, That no life lives forever/That dead men rise up never, That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Make a wish: it might come true.
Explanations exist; they have existed for all time; there is always a well-known solution to every human problem — neat, plausible, and wrong.
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
Hi there! This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
Those who can't repeat the past are condemned to remember it.
Q. What's all wrinkled and hangs out your underwear? A. Your mom!
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
I wouldn't mind dying ― it's that business of having to stay dead that scares the shit out of me.
Perfection is achieved only on the point of collapse.
Don't crush that dwarf, hand me the pliers.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
The truth is that all those having power ought to be mistrusted.
Anthony's Law of the Workshop: Any tool when dropped, will roll into the     least accessible corner of the workshop. Corollary: On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike     your toes.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Half the things that people do not succeed in are through fear of making the attempt.
Real wealth can only increase.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you.
If your only tool is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Q. How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb? A. None. The Universe spins the bulb, and the Zen master stays out of the way.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
They also surf who only stand on waves.
The Abrams' Principle: The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint.
Ducharme's Precept: Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Eschew obfuscatory digressiveness.
It's smart to pick your friends - but not to pieces.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
Shake hands with your mother again.
Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks.
Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm: It moves stones, and it charms brutes.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Nothing is more dangerous than a man whose actions are the responsibility of his deity.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal. It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 pm.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do.
Ketterling's Law: Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Many are called, few volunteer.
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family, the Hominidae.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the system. From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
Boston, n.:         Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for         finishing second in the Irish jig competition.
Bradley's Bromide: If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee. That will do them in.
You don't have to explain something you never said.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high aims are worth-while. Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal gratifications. All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of a good job well done. There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment, the Peace brought by something worth-while.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
Semper ubi sub ubi.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Time wounds all heels.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work.
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it.
Walter, I love you, but sooner or later, you're going to have to face the fact you're a goddamn moron.
Q. How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A. "That's a known problem... don't worry about it."
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
Cohen's Law: Everyone knows that the name of the game is what label you succeed in imposing on the facts.
Geology shows that fossils are of different ages. Paleontology shows a fossil sequence, the list of species represented changes through time. Taxonomy shows biological relationships among species. Evolution is the explanation that threads it all together. Creationism is the practice of squeeezing one's eyes shut and wailing, "Does not!"
... the educated person is not the person who can answer the questions, but the person who can question the answers.
He who shits on the road will meet flies on his return.
Hatred, n.: A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority.
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud.
With great effort, you move the rug aside, revealing a trap door.
I could prove God statistically.
When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!
You're never too old to become younger.
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Three. One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those    Californians trying to share the experience.
I would not dare to so dishonor my Creator God by attaching His name to that book [the Bible].
Rudin's Law: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made between alternative courses of action, most people will choose the worse one possible.
Alliance, n.: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
You can't get there from here.
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
It is happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
Meskimen's Law: There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to do it over.
Experience is the worst teacher. It always gives the test first and the instructions afterward.
We cheat the other guy and pass the savings on to you.
There's nothing remarkable about it. All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
We'll be a great country where the fabrics are made up of groups and loving centers.
